Adding kn CLI to main CLI tools section (#21861)
openshift/openshift-docs: cli_reference/kn-cli-tools.adoc

toc::[]

`kn` extends the functionality of the `oc` or `kubectl` tools to enable interaction with Knative components on {product-title}.

You can enable Knative on {product-title} by installing {ServerlessProductName}. For more information, see the documentation on xref:../serverless/serverless-getting-started.adoc#serverless-getting-started[Getting started with {ServerlessProductName}].

[NOTE]
====
{ServerlessProductName} cannot be installed using the `kn` CLI. A cluster administrator must install the {ServerlessOperatorName} and set up the Knative components, as described in the _Serverless applications_ documentation for {product-title}.
====

== Key features
`kn` is designed to make serverless computing tasks simple and concise, and has the following key features:

* Full support for managing all features of Knative Serving, such as services, revisions, and traffic splitting
* Easily create and manage Knative Eventing components, such as event sources, brokers, and triggers for filtering events.
+
[NOTE]
====
Knative Eventing is currently available as a Technology Preview feature of {ServerlessProductName}.
====
* A plugin architecture similar to that of `kubectl` plugins

> * A thin, client-specific API in golang, that enables tasks such as synchronously waiting for Knative service write operations

Reviewer: I don't think the API aspect is relevant for this scope (its about end-user, not developers). Maybe we can rephrase this that `kn` adds specific support for interactive and scripted usage like waiting synchronously on the results of an operations ?

include::modules/serverless-document-attributes.adoc[]
[id="kn-cli-tools"]
= Knative CLI (`kn`) for use with OpenShift Serverless
:context: kn-cli-tools
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

> `kn` extends the functionality of the `oc` or `kubectl` tools to enable interaction with Knative components on {product-title}.

Reviewer 2: I would say that `kn` don't extend functionality of `oc` or `kubectl`, rather that simplify knative related tasks. Extends in my mind means I can do all that `oc` and `kubectl` let me, and something above that.

`oc` extends functionality of `kubectl`, that's true. `kn` is different.

You can enable Knative on {product-title} by installing {ServerlessProductName}. For more information, see the documentation on xref:../serverless/serverless-getting-started.adoc#serverless-getting-started[Getting started with {ServerlessProductName}].

[NOTE]
====

> {ServerlessProductName} cannot be installed using the `kn` CLI. A cluster administrator must install the {ServerlessOperatorName} and set up the Knative components, as described in the _Serverless applications_ documentation for {product-title}.

Reviewer 3: Can you add an xref instead of `the _Serverless applications_ documentation`?

====

== Key features

> `kn` is designed to make serverless computing tasks simple and concise, and has the following key features:

Reviewer 3: I'd break up this sentence. "Key features include:"

Reviewer 3: Be sure each list item ends with a period and is a complete sentence. Try to start with a verb. I'll add some suggestions inline.

> * Simplest way to xref:../serverless/serving-creating-managing-apps.adoc#serving-creating-managing-apps[deploy serverless applications] from the command line

Reviewer 3: Deploy serverless applications from the command line.

> * Full support for managing features of Knative Serving, such as services, revisions, and traffic splitting

Reviewer 3: Includes full support
s/traffic splitting/traffic-splitting/

// TODO: add docs about revisions
* Easily create and manage Knative Eventing components, such as event sources and triggers
+
[NOTE]
====
Knative Eventing is currently available as a Technology Preview feature of {ServerlessProductName}.
====
* Create xref:../serverless/knative_eventing/serverless-sinkbinding.adoc#serverless-sinkbinding[sink binding] to connect existing Kubernetes applications and Knative services

> * Flexible plugin architecture, similar to `kubectl`, that can be used for extending `kn`

Reviewer 3: Extend `kn` with flexible plug-in architecture, similar to `kubectl`.

// * Easily integrate {ServerlessProductName} with OpenShift Pipelines by using `kn` in an OpenShift Pipelines task
// TODO: Add integrations later when we have docs about this.
// TODO: add docs about these deployment types?

> * Easily configure xref:../serverless/knative_serving/configuring-knative-serving-autoscaling.adoc#configuring-knative-serving-autoscaling[autoscaling] parameters for Knative services

Reviewer 3: Using adverbs like "easily" and "simply" make it sound like marketing; I'd remove them where possible.

> * Adds support for interactive and scripted usage, such as waiting synchronously for the results of an operation, or custom rollout and rollback strategies

Reviewer 3: I'm not really sure what "waiting synchronously" means. Can you just say "waiting for"?
s/or custom rollout/or for deploying custom rollout/

Author: @rhuss any ideas about this one? I'm not sure what that term means either.

== Installing `kn`

For information about installing `kn` for use with {ServerlessProductName}, see the documentation on xref:../serverless/installing_serverless/installing-kn.adoc#installing-kn[Installing the Knative CLI (`kn`)].

== Next steps
* For information about basic `kn` workflows and completing user tasks, see the documentation on xref:../serverless/knative_cli/knative-cli.adoc#knative-cli[Getting started with Knative CLI (`kn`)].

> * For information about completing Knative Eventing related user tasks with `kn`, see the _Knative Eventing_ documentation available in the _Serverless applications_ documentation.

Reviewer 3: Can you add the serverless/knative_eventing/serverless-knative-eventing.adoc ref here? It looks odd having xrefs in the previous two bullets and not this one.

:context: kn-cli-tools
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

`kn` extends the functionality of the `oc` or `kubectl` tools to enable interaction with Knative components on {product-title}.

You can enable Knative on {product-title} by installing {ServerlessProductName}. For more information, see the documentation on xref:../serverless/serverless-getting-started.adoc#serverless-getting-started[Getting started with {ServerlessProductName}].

[NOTE]
====
{ServerlessProductName} cannot be installed using the `kn` CLI. A cluster administrator must install the {ServerlessOperatorName} and set up the Knative components, as described in the _Serverless applications_ documentation for {product-title}.
====

== Key features
`kn` is designed to make serverless computing tasks simple and concise, and has the following key features:

* Simplest way to xref:../serverless/knative_serving/getting-started-knative-services.adoc#getting-started-knative-services[deploy serverless applications] from the command line
* Full support for managing features of Knative Serving, such as services, revisions, and traffic splitting
// TODO: add docs about revisions

> * Easily create and manage Knative Eventing components, such as event sources, brokers, and triggers for filtering events.

Reviewer: brokers are not yet here but are supposed to land eventually in kn-land

+
[NOTE]
====
Knative Eventing is currently available as a Technology Preview feature of {ServerlessProductName}.
====
* Create xref:../serverless/knative_eventing/serverless-sinkbinding.adoc#serverless-sinkbinding[sink binding] to connect existing Kubernetes applications and Knative services
* Flexible plugin architecture, similar to `kubectl`, that can be used for extending `kn`
// * Easily integrate {ServerlessProductName} with OpenShift Pipelines by using `kn` in an OpenShift Pipelines task
// TODO: Add integrations later when we have docs about this.
* Ideal for scripting custom rollout and rollback strategies, such as canary or blue-green deployments

> // TODO: add docs about these deployment types?

Reviewer: I think that makes totally sense mid-term but for now I think this is clear enough.

Maybe rephrase the sentence so that `kn` is good for scripting Knative in general, with rollout/rollback as an example ?

> * Easily configure xref:../serverless/knative_serving/configuring-knative-serving-autoscaling.adoc#configuring-knative-serving-autoscaling[autoscaling] parameters using intuitive options

Reviewer: "intuitive options" sounds a bit vague. Mabe just skip "using intuitive options" ? Something like

> Easily configure all autoscaling parameters for Knative services

?

> * Build application deployments in an iterative and interactive way, which then can be exported to standard deployment YAML files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build application deployments in an iterative and interactive way, which then can be exported to standard resource descriptors that can be stored in a configuration management system like Git
```

Note that this feature is still experimental (maybe one could mention that, too ?)

Author: Just gonna remove this if it's experimental for now since we're GA, so we should only doc stable stuff unless it's part of the eventing TP

// TODO: add docs for exporting YAML usecases?

> * Adds support for interactive and scripted usage, such as waiting synchronously for the results of an operation

Reviewer: We already have "scripted usage" in one item above. Maybe just skip that point, its too much of a detail.
